feat(cxp): use search bar MTA-4304 (#2891)
scaleway/docs-content: console/account/how-to/use-the-search-bar.mdx

---
meta:
  title: How to use the search bar

>   description: This page explains how to use the search bar

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description: This page explains how to use the Scaleway console's search bar
```

content:
  h1: How to use the search bar

>   paragraph: This page explains how to use the search bar

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  paragraph: This page explains how to use the Scaleway console's search bar
```

tags: account search-bar resource
dates:
  validation: 2024-03-14
  posted: 2024-03-14
categories:
  - account
---

> The **search bar** functionality within the Scaleway console allows you to quickly find resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **search bar** functionality within the Scaleway console allows you to quickly find your Scaleway resources.
```

<Message type="requirement">
  - You have an account and are logged into the [Scaleway console](https://console.scaleway.com).
</Message>

1. Log into the [Scaleway console](https://console.scaleway.com).

> 2. Navigate to the search bar located next to the organization dashboard menu.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Navigate to the search bar located next to the Organization dashboard menu.
```

Reviewer 2: Is this feature available in the console? I've tried to find the search bar as instructed in the steps above but I can't find it

Author: > Is this feature available in the console? I've tried to find the search bar as instructed in the steps above but I can't find it

not yet.. but it will be soon :)))

> 2. Navigate to the search bar located next to the Organization dashboard menu.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
2.  Locate the search bar in the top navigation bar.
```

    <Message type="tip">
      You can also access the search bar by typing Cmd + k on macOS and Ctrl + k on Linux or Windows.
    </Message>

> 3. Click in the search bar and enter the keyword you are looking for. The keyword can be a Name or an IP of a resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Click in the search bar and enter the keyword you are looking for. The keyword can be the name or the IP of a resource.
```

Reviewer: Am I right in understanding that tags cannot be used in the search to find resources yet?

Author: > Am I right in understanding that tags cannot be used in the search to find resources yet?

yes :)

> 3. Click in the search bar and enter the keyword you are looking for. The keyword can be the name or the IP of a resource.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
3. Click in the search bar and enter the keyword you are looking for. The keyword can be the name or the ID of a resource. 
```

La recherche par IP n'est pas encore 100% fonctionnelle, donc on laisse de côté pour le moment :)

    <Message type="note">

>      The search results are limited due to this being the initial version (V1). This initial version of the search bar may not yet include all resources and a "no result" message can appear despite the existence of the resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     As this is the initial version (v1) of the search bar, results are limited. This initial version of the search bar may not yet include all resources and a "no result" message may appear despite the existence of the resource.
```

---
meta:
  title: How to use the search bar
  description: This page explains how to use the Scaleway console's search bar
content:
  h1: How to use the search bar
  paragraph: This page explains how to use the Scaleway console's search bar
tags: account search-bar resource
dates:
  validation: 2024-04-09
  posted: 2024-03-14
categories:
  - account
---

The **search bar** functionality within the Scaleway console allows you to quickly find your Scaleway resources.

<Message type="requirement">
  - You have an account and are logged into the [Scaleway console](https://console.scaleway.com).
</Message>

1. Log into the [Scaleway console](https://console.scaleway.com).
2. Navigate to the search bar located next to the Organization dashboard menu.
    <Message type="tip">

>       You can also access the search bar by typing Cmd + k on macOS and Ctrl + k on Linux or Windows.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
      You can also access the search bar by typing `Cmd + K` on macOS and `Ctrl + K` on Linux or Windows.
```

    </Message>
3. Click in the search bar and enter the keyword you are looking for. The keyword can be the name or the IP of a resource.
    <Message type="note">
    As this is the initial version (v1) of the search bar, results are limited. This initial version of the search bar may not yet include all resources and a "no result" message may appear despite the existence of the resource.
    </Message>

Resources available:

>  - Elastic Metal server

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
 - Elastic Metal servers
```

>  - Instance server

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
 - Instances
```

 - k8s cluster
 - k8s node
 - k8s pool
 - Serverless Functions
 - Serverless Containers 

>  - rdb Instance

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
 - Redis™ Database Instance
```

>  - Redis™ cluster

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
 - Redis™ clusters
```

>  - VPC Private Network

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
 - VPC Private Networks
```

>  - Load Balancer server

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
 - Load Balancers
```

>  - Instance volume 
>  - Instance image 
>  - VPC

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
 - Instance volumes
 - Instance images
 - VPC
```

>  - VPC gateway 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
 - Public Gateway 
```

>  - apple Silicon server

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
 - Apple Silicon server
```

>  - PostgreSQL snapshot 
>  - PostgreSQL backup

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
 - PostgreSQL snapshots
 - PostgreSQL backups
```

 - Web Hosting 

>  - Secret Manager 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
 - Secret (Secret Manager)
```

Reviewer 4: Just to make it clear that you can look for the resource

>  - Block Storage volume 
>  - Block Storage snapshot

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
 - Block Storage volumes
 - Block Storage snapshots
```
